README.md, before:

# ZSH Secrets

A tiny plugin to store GPG-encrypted environment variables (or other just shell scripts).

## Quickstart

Given, [Oh My ZSH](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh) is installed, 
`ZSH_CUSTOM` is set and you know how to use GPG.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/chuwy/zsh-secrets.git $ZSH_CUSTOM/plugins/zsh-secrets
```

Then add `zsh-secrets` to your `plugins` section:

```sh
plugins=(
  ...
  zsh-secrets
)

## Usage

### Configuration

ZSH Secrets provides two configuration options:

1. `RECEPIENT` - an email to use, to encrypt the data
2. `SECRETS_STORAGE` - a place to store encrypted scripts (`$HOME/.zsh` by default)

### Encrypting data

```sh
$ echo "export MY_PASSWORD=qwerty" > supersecret
$ secrets encrypt supersecret
```

This will encrypt the `supersecret` file and place under you `$SECRETS_STORAGE`
path. The original `supersecret` file will be removed.

### Sourcing the data

When you need `$MY_PASSWORD` you can source it into current shell:

```sh
$ secrets source supersecret
```

### Decrypting

If you need to edit your secrets, you can decrypt it into a file.

```sh
$ secrets decrypt supersecret > supersecret
```

Then you can edit and encrypt it again:

```sh
echo "export ANOTHER_SECRET=42" >> supersecret 
$ secrets encrypt supersecret
```

Commit message:

Fix markdown and add license

README.md, after:

# ZSH Secrets

A tiny plugin to store GPG-encrypted environment variables (or other just shell scripts).

## Quickstart

Given, [Oh My ZSH][oh-my-zsh] is installed, 
`$ZSH_CUSTOM` is set and you know how to use GPG.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/chuwy/zsh-secrets.git $ZSH_CUSTOM/plugins/zsh-secrets
```

Then add `zsh-secrets` to your `plugins` section:

```sh
plugins=(
  ...
  zsh-secrets
)
```

## Usage

### Configuration

ZSH Secrets provides two configuration options:

1. `RECEPIENT` - an email to use, to encrypt the data
2. `SECRETS_STORAGE` - a place to store encrypted scripts (`$HOME/.zsh` by default)

### Encrypting data

```sh
$ echo "export MY_PASSWORD=qwerty" > supersecret
$ secrets encrypt supersecret
```

This will encrypt the `supersecret` file and place under you `$SECRETS_STORAGE`
path. The original `supersecret` file will be removed.

### Sourcing the data

When you need `$MY_PASSWORD` you can source it into current shell:

```sh
$ secrets source supersecret
```

### Decrypting

If you need to edit your secrets, you can decrypt it into a file.

```sh
$ secrets decrypt supersecret > supersecret
```

Then you can edit and encrypt it again:

```sh
echo "export ANOTHER_SECRET=42" >> supersecret 
$ secrets encrypt supersecret
```

# License

ZSH Secrets is copyright 2020 Anton Parkhomenko.

Licensed under the **[Apache License, Version 2.0][license]** (the "License");
you may not use this software except in compliance with the License.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

[oh-my-zsh]: https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh
[license]: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
